README.md, before:

# Cheetah

<img src="https://sreenidhi-gsd.com/resources/assets/img/cheetah-dark.gif" height="200" width="480" />

Cheetah is a **test automation framework** that has been developed to help automate testing efforts across multiple technologies including Web, Mobile, WebServices, Database, Mainframe, etc..

<div align="center">
<!-- Build Status -->
 <a href="https://bamboo.sreenidhi-gsd.com/browse/CHEETAH-BP0/"><img src="https://bamboo.sreenidhi-gsd.com/plugins/servlet/wittified/build-status/CHEETAH-BP0"></a>

 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
</div> 
   
## Motivation

The motivation is to provide a capability for automated testing of softwares and products.  This is one objective to be achieved on the road to producing quality software products in an organization that is embracing the agile methodology.  The road to automation will require skillful navigation, since our route is uncharted. 


## API Reference

Please refer Cheetah API JavaDoc reference <a href="http://confluence.sreenidhi-gsd.com/display/Cheetah" target="_blank">here</a>.


## Getting Started

Please refer the Getting Started Documentation <a href="https://confluence.sreenidhi-gsd.com/display/Cheetah" target="_blank">here</a>.

## Using Cheetah

Please refer to the [USAGE.md](USAGE.md) file for steps on using the Cheetah framework.


## Contribution

If you would like to be involved in enhancing the capabilities of this framework, please contact sreenidhi.gsd@gmail.com 
You can also submit your feature requests on the Cheetah JIRA Project <a href="https://jira.sreenidhi-gsd.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=142&projectKey=Cheetah" target="_blank">here</a>.

* Please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Versioning
We follow the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) format: {MAJOR}.{MINOR}.{BUILD} for versioning *Cheetah*

* **MAJOR**: Major version changes are changes to the *Cheetah* framework to keep in par with updates to Core *Java*, *Selenium* and *Appium* technologies and versions. Changes to Java, Selenium and Appium are extenal to the framework. A change in these technologies does not warrant a change to the Cheetah Framework.
* **MINOR**: Minor changes are changes to the  *Cheetah* framework to include feature requests, enhancements and bug fixes.
* **BUILD**: Build changes are sequential increments to the build version are recorded in Bamboo.

## Authors and Team
* @Gundlupet Sreenidhi - sreenidhi.gsd@gmail.com **Gundlupet Sreenidhi**

Commit message:

Updated files including README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# Cheetah

<img src="https://sreenidhi-gsd.com/resources/assets/img/cheetah-dark.gif" height="200" width="480" />

Cheetah is a **test automation framework** that has been developed to help automate testing efforts across multiple technologies including Web, Mobile, WebServices, Database, Mainframe, etc..

<div align="center">
<!-- Build Status -->
 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
 <a href="https://bamboo.sreenidhi-gsd.com/browse/CHEETAH-BP0/"><img src="https://bamboo.sreenidhi-gsd.com/plugins/servlet/wittified/build-status/CHEETAH-BP0"></a>
 [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/cheetah-automation/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/cheetah-automation/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
</div> 
   
## Motivation

The motivation is to provide a capability for automated testing of softwares and products.  This is one objective to be achieved on the road to producing quality software products in an organization that is embracing the agile methodology.  The road to automation will require skillful navigation, since our route is uncharted. 


## Getting Started

To get started, you can download the playground project and run the maven project using the following command: 
```sh
mvn clean initialize test -P TAG
```

Please refer the Getting Started Documentation <a href="https://confluence.sreenidhi-gsd.com/display/CHEETAH/Getting+Started" target="_blank">here</a> for detailed instructions to create your own automation project or to modify the playground project.

## Features
* Start Automating in less than 2 minute (not kidding)
* Anyone can start writing test cases within minimal knowledge of Java or automation
* Powerful APIs to aviod the need for unnecessary coding
* Powerful reports with Video and Screenshot results
* Database integration for reporting and logging
* Various integrated technologies to enable automation across multiple platforms in a single framework
* Pre-defined build and trigger files for ease of use

## API Reference

Please refer Cheetah API JavaDoc reference <a href="https://cheetah-doc.sreenidhi-gsd.com/" target="_blank">here</a>.

## Contribution

If you would like to be involved in enhancing the capabilities of this framework, please contact the administrator at sreenidhi.gsd@gmail.com 
You can also submit your feature requests on the Cheetah JIRA Project <a href="https://jira.sreenidhi-gsd.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=142&projectKey=Cheetah" target="_blank">here</a> or fork a copy of the project on GitHub and submit a pull request for your changes.

Talk to other contributors [in our Gitter room](https://gitter.im/cheetah-automation).

* Please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Versioning
We follow the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) format: {MAJOR}.{MINOR}.{BUILD} for versioning *Cheetah*

* **MAJOR**: Major version changes are changes to the *Cheetah* framework to keep in par with updates to Core *Java*, *Selenium* and *Appium* technologies and versions. Changes to Java, Selenium and Appium are extenal to the framework. A change in these technologies does not warrant a change to the Cheetah Framework.
* **MINOR**: Minor changes are changes to the  *Cheetah* framework to include feature requests, enhancements and bug fixes.
* **BUILD**: Build changes are sequential increments to the build version are recorded in Bamboo.

## Authors and Team
* @Gundlupet Sreenidhi - sreenidhi.gsd@gmail.com **Gundlupet Sreenidhi**
